fights sound okay for sound action Bride
of Frankenstein a man with a legendary
career behind him there's this new Yard
Man
mister Mumbai died or something B he
came cheap a man with his life still
ahead of him hey the master wants to
know if you're free for lunch I do have
a largest afternoon for free until then
expect nothing fancy Cabana spoon
separated by class are you famous I was
merely a director you have the most
architectural skull have you ever sat
for an artist by time
you were a soldier I was an officer in
the trenches and by desires oh no no
it's bugger
he's a bugger does that surprise you I'm
not you know oh I did not take you a
buck-toothed they have nothing in common
mr. Clayton boon my gardener he's never
met a princess only Queens except their
humanity I've spent much of my life
outrunning the past and now it floods
all over me
losing my mind every day a new piece of
incursion Superman uh never left my
condition will continue to deteriorate
until the end of my life why are you
here let's get this straight
what did you offer me what do you want
just back from the hospital already a
chasing after boys oh shut up man's
gonna make up his life alone and
philosophy for out with a lawnmower do
you believe people come into our lives
purpose
to a new world of gods and monsters so
we understand each other
open let them